fix(colors): fall back to random colors with a message when palette maximum is exceeded (#204)
CCBR/MOSuite: NEWS.md

## development version

- Fix recursion error in `plot_venn_diagram()`. (#188, @kelly-sovacool)

> - Fix color palette selection to silently fall back to random colors when the number of categories exceeds the palette maximum (e.g. Okabe-Ito's 9-color limit), preventing repeated warnings during object creation or plotting. (#199)

Reviewer: make this more concise
```suggestion
- Fix color palette selection to silently fall back to random colors when the number of categories exceeds the palette maximum. (#204, @copilot, @kelly-sovacool )
```
